Merge crazy-corgi dev branch into mainline dev (#693)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/output.md

  - `<db_name>/`
    - `<sample_id>.log`: A log file that contains summary statistics
    - `<sample_id>.out`: A classification file that summarises taxonomic identifiers, by default at the rank of mOTUs (i.e., species level), and their relative abundances in the profiled sample.

>     - `<sample_id>.prep_long.gz`: Output file of long reads that have cut up into into shorter reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `<sample_id>.prep_long.gz`: Output file of long reads that have cut up into shorter reads.
```

- MALT: `<sample_id>.txt.gz` Taxpasta uses the `count` (second) column from the output of MEGAN6's rma2info for the standardised profile.
- MetaPhlAn: `<sample_id>_profile.txt` Taxpasta uses the `relative_abundance` column multiplied with a fixed number to yield an integer for the standardised profile.
- mOTUs: `<sample_id>.out` Taxpasta uses the `read_count` column for the standardised profile.
- ganon: `<sample_id>_<db_name>.tre` Taxpasta uses the `nr_unique` column for the standardised profile.
- kmcp: `<sample_id>.profile` Taxpasta uses the `reads` column for the standardised profile.

> Sylph classifier is not yet supported in taxpasta.

Reviewer: Does taxpasta support `melon`?

Author: ```suggestion
The Sylph nor melon classifiers are not yet supported in taxpasta.
```
